update to use python3.9 with jwt==1.3.1 (#23145)
github/docs: content/developers/apps/building-github-apps/authenticating-with-github-apps.md

> Here is a similar script for generating a JWT in Python. Note you will have to use `pip install jwt` in order to use this script. This script will prompt you for the location of your PEM file, or you can pass it as an inline argument when you execute the script. Replace `YOUR_APP_ID` with the ID of your app. Make sure to enclose the value in single quotes.

Reviewer: Since we now get app ID from the input:
```suggestion
Here is a similar script for generating a JWT in Python. Note you will have to use `pip install jwt` in order to use this script. This script will prompt you for the location of your PEM file and your app's ID, or you can pass them as inline arguments when you execute the script.
```

```python{:copy}
#!/usr/bin/env python3
import jwt
import time 
import sys

# Get PEM file path
if len(sys.argv) > 1:
    pem = sys.argv[1]
else:
    pem = input("Enter path of private PEM file: ")    

> # Get the App ID from input / defaultß

Reviewer: nit suggestion to align with the comment for the previous block
```suggestion
# Get the App ID
```

if len(sys.argv) > 2:
    app_id = sys.argv[2]
else:
    app_id = input("Enter your APP ID: ") 

# Open PEM

> with open(pem, 'rb') as fh:
>     signing_key = jwt.jwk_from_pem(fh.read())

Reviewer: nit: I'm going to keep this variable as `pem_file` instead of `fh` to be more descriptive
```suggestion
with open(pem, 'rb') as pem_file:
    signing_key = jwt.jwk_from_pem(pem_file.read())
```

    
payload = {
    # Issued at time
    'iat': int(time.time()),
    # JWT expiration time (10 minutes maximum)
    'exp': int(time.time()) + 600, 
    # GitHub App's identifier
    'iss': app_id 
}
    
# Create JWT
jwt_instance = jwt.JWT()
encoded_jwt = jwt_instance.encode(payload, signing_key, alg='RS256')
     

> print(f"JWT:  ", encoded_jwt)

Reviewer: ⚡ Thanks for fixing this bug as well!
